hey hey so it's me i'm back with a very
very small vera bradley hall and I'm in
my bedroom here's my Portobello Road
throw that i'm bout to lay in after i go
through this it came from QVC and it's
the one of the brand new 2014 spring
patterns I haven't even looked at it yet
i just opened the seal of the bag so i'm
going to get it out oh this is
absolutely gorgeous this is the new
pattern citron and you can't really see
it very well absolutely beautiful and
you'll see that looks a little cloudy on
my screen but I'm telling you is
gorgeous in person I decided to eat this
one because the blue body was to bully
for me the julep tulip is a little too
subtle and I've already got some of the
Clementine stuff so this is the out of
turn lock tablet I meant to show you all
that and I don't know what it retails
for I think it's like $86 maybe more but
i got it for 70 something i think and
that's the inside pattern
here's the pocket on the front it has
two straps just standard straps it has a
zip-top closure a zipper pocket in the
back and then two slip pockets right
here and then three pin holder so I
might be using this this next semester
of school or this will probably be my
tote bag for my night class because i do
have look sorry one night class that I
had to take so this will probably be my
nighttime class bag you know and it also
has two side pockets like a hold an
umbrella and a water bottle so very very
nice so I'm very happy for this and I
adore this pattern alright guys that's
it for today I just wanted to give you a
little preview of the new pattern and of
the style bag that I decided to get it
in and it is absolutely gorgeous i love
it so i will definitely be getting more
on this pattern i know i want to get the
mini frame crossbody in this pattern and
the new Emily satchel so I'll be getting
that some point alright well that's it i
will talk to y'all later i hope you'll
have a good one and tell me what you
think at this new gorgeous pattern which
i'll get a good look at it and here's my
favorite part is the yellow do this is
yellow and this is more green believe
where this goes you better oh it's so
pretty so pretty all right guys bye bye